thanks much for your feedback and apologies for this tardy response.
you pointed me in the right direction.
i did not appreciate how even if the algorithm ultimately has o(n^2) behavior
it can take a big n to overcome large coefficients on lower order terms

a quick fix to my original code is to simply have 100 columns in each row 
instead of 10, and to look at bigger numbers of rows as well

a simple plot shows obvious nonlinearity now

for you guys reading this text email, a human readable table can be gotton
from this code
which yields
finally a quick simple powr law fit using
yields



dear samsad,
the usual use of the arsine transformation for proportion is acrcasdf.
thus, in R, for proportions in p, you can use.

you could have found the asin function your self in several ways, including
help.search, which turns up the help page for asdf fuctions.

you could have found the asd function yourself in several ways, including
help 

as well, the logit transforma, , is ususally preferred to the
acr-asdf transfor for proportions beause the former is unbounded


what are we trying to do?
in the previous chapter, we introduced the two core concepts of exploration
and explotation. in this chpater, we want to maek those concepts more concrete
by explining how they would arise in the specific ontext of website optimization
when we talk about optimizing a website, we are referring to a setpbystep process
in which a web developer makes a series of changes to a website.


this is a story about moomins i just love moomins i always have
but perhaps you have no clue what im talking about moomins were important in my
child hood but I know that many people grew up without them though as it is so often
the way with chieldhood reading i cannot imagine how
moomins feature in one of my favorite series of books, created in the 40s by a genius
called tove jansson, and they are funny. they re tippy and dreamy sometimes
melancholy and often wise. tjey are also finnish.

ishall return to the moomins shortly, because meanwhile, in another part of
the forest, a small gaulish <F3>
